# My-Iot-a-discovery-game
This interactive game aims to raise awareness and initiate a change in mindsets and behaviors regarding the impacts of the globalized micro and nano technology industry in an accessible, creative and engaging way. Currently,   the   microelectronics   value   chain   presents   certain   vulnerabilities.   Namely,   stakeholders are aware of the impacts on their immediate suppliers or customers, but have no visibility of those of the entire production chain.  The 2017 Greenpeace report noted this lack of transparency.  This game therefore seeks to make information on the impacts of the IoT production chain accessible in order to encourage dialogue among different stakeholders: students, designers, and IoT users. Using  knowledge-sharing,  serious  games  and  circular  economy  tools,  the  group’s  collective  intelligence is engaged to reflect on the implementation behavioral changes for digital sobriety. This  game  is  modular  and  combines  different  phases  that  may  be  used  separately  or  in  combinations, depending on the facilitator’s objectives.  
OBjECtiVES Of tHE gAME: Players are invited to see the bigger picture and to understand how the microelectronics industry is interconnected with ecological and social systems. This interactive game aims to raise awareness and initiate a change in mindsets and behaviors regarding the impacts of the globalized micro and nano technology industry in an accessible, creative and engaging way. Currently,   the   microelectronics   value   chain   presents   certain   vulnerabilities.   Namely,   stakeholders are aware of the impacts on their immediate suppliers or customers, but have no visibility of those of the entire production chain.  The 2017 Greenpeace report noted this lack of transparency.  This game therefore seeks to make information on the impacts of the IoT production chain accessible in order to encourage dialogue among different stakeholders: students, designers, and IoT users. Using  knowledge-sharing,  serious  games  and  circular  economy  tools,  the  group’s  collective  intelligence is engaged to reflect on the implementation behavioral changes for digital sobriety. This  game  is  modular  and  combines  different  phases  that  may  be  used  separately  or  in  combinations, depending on the facilitator’s objectives:
• EXPLORE IMPACTSEXPLORE IMPACTS → My IoT a discovery game
• PRIORITIZE IMPACTSPRIORITIZE IMPACTS → Value chain canvas, to think about a future mission 
• IDENTIFY STAKEHOLDERSIDENTIFY STAKEHOLDERS → Partner Map 
• BUILD SOLUTIONSBUILD SOLUTIONS → Circular Canvas
